.TH "__XSNumber.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__XSNumber.h \- 
.PP
Private XSNumber class definitions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include '../XSMacros.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'XS.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB__XSNumber_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIXSNumber class. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_ALL\fP   0x7FFF"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_BOOL\fP   0x0001"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_DOUBLE\fP   0x1000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_FLOAT\fP   0x0800"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_SCHAR\fP   0x0002"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_SINT\fP   0x0020"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_SINTEGER\fP   0x2000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_SLONG\fP   0x0080"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_SLONGLONG\fP   0x0200"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_SSHORT\fP   0x0008"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_UCHAR\fP   0x0004"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_UINT\fP   0x0040"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_UINTEGER\fP   0x4000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_ULONG\fP   0x0100"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_ULONGLONG\fP   0x0400"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSNUMBER_TYPE_USHORT\fP   0x0010"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB__XSNumber_Struct\fP \fB__XSNumber\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIXSNumber class type. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBOOL\fP \fB__XSNumber_Equals\fP (\fBXSObject\fP object1, \fBXSObject\fP object2)"
.br
.RI "\fIObject comparison. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint64_t \fB__XSNumber_GetUInt64Value\fP (\fB__XSNumber\fP *n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSNumber_Initialize\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRuntime initialization. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSString\fP \fB__XSNumber_ToString\fP (\fBXSObject\fP object)"
.br
.RI "\fIObject description. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Private XSNumber class definitions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fB__XSNumber.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_ALL   0x7FFF"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_BOOL   0x0001"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_DOUBLE   0x1000"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_FLOAT   0x0800"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_SCHAR   0x0002"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_SINT   0x0020"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_SINTEGER   0x2000"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_SLONG   0x0080"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_SLONGLONG   0x0200"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_SSHORT   0x0008"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_UCHAR   0x0004"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_UINT   0x0040"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_UINTEGER   0x4000"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_ULONG   0x0100"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_ULONGLONG   0x0400"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SS "#define __XSNUMBER_TYPE_USHORT   0x0010"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fB__XSNumber\fP"
.PP
XSNumber class type. 
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file __XSNumber.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBBOOL\fP __XSNumber_Equals (\fBXSObject\fPobject1, \fBXSObject\fPobject2)"
.PP
Object comparison. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobject1\fP The first object to compare 
.br
\fIobject2\fP The second object to compare 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
YES if both objects are equals, otherwise NO 
.RE
.PP

.SS "uint64_t __XSNumber_GetUInt64Value (\fB__XSNumber\fP *n)"
.SS "void __XSNumber_Initialize (void)"
.PP
Runtime initialization. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSString\fP __XSNumber_ToString (\fBXSObject\fPobject)"
.PP
Object description. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobject\fP A pointer to the object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The object's description 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
