.TH "__XSColor.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__XSColor.h \- 
.PP
Private XSColor class definitions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include '../XSMacros.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'XS.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB__XSColor_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIXSColor class. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB__XSColor_Struct\fP \fB__XSColor\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIXSColor class type. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSColor_HSLToHSV\fP (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts the HSL components to HSV. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSColor_HSLToRGB\fP (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts the HSL components to RGB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSColor_HSVToHSL\fP (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts the HSV components to HSL. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSColor_HSVToRGB\fP (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts the HSV components to RGB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSColor_Initialize\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRuntime initialization. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSColor_RGBToHSL\fP (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts the RGB components to HSV. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSColor_RGBToHSV\fP (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts the RGB components to HSL. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Private XSColor class definitions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fB__XSColor.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fB__XSColor\fP"
.PP
XSColor class type. 
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file __XSColor.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void __XSColor_HSLToHSV (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.PP
Converts the HSL components to HSV. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor\fP The color object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void __XSColor_HSLToRGB (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.PP
Converts the HSL components to RGB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor\fP The color object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void __XSColor_HSVToHSL (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.PP
Converts the HSV components to HSL. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor\fP The color object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void __XSColor_HSVToRGB (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.PP
Converts the HSV components to RGB. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor\fP The color object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void __XSColor_Initialize (void)"
.PP
Runtime initialization. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void __XSColor_RGBToHSL (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.PP
Converts the RGB components to HSV. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor\fP The color object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void __XSColor_RGBToHSV (\fB__XSColor\fP *color)"
.PP
Converts the RGB components to HSL. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor\fP The color object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
