.TH "__XSMemory.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
__XSMemory.h \- 
.PP
Private memory functions and private XSAutoreleasePool class definitions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include '../XSMacros.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'XS.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB___XSMemoryObject_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI... \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fB__XSAutoreleasePool_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIXSAutoreleasePool class. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXS_MEMORY_MAX_AR_POOLS\fP   256"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum number of auto-release pools. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXS_MEMORY_NUM_OBJECTS\fP   256"
.br
.RI "\fIInitial capacity of the auto-release pools. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB__XSAutoreleasePool_Struct\fP \fB__XSAutoreleasePool\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIXSAutoreleasePool class type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB___XSMemoryObject_Struct\fP \fB__XSMemoryObject\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI... \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSAutoreleasePool_Copy\fP (\fBXSObject\fP source, \fBXSObject\fP destination)"
.br
.RI "\fIObject copy. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSAutoreleasePool_Destruct\fP (\fBXSObject\fP object)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSAutoreleasePool_Initialize\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRuntime initialization. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fB__XSMemory_AutoreleasePoolDrain\fP (\fB__XSAutoreleasePool\fP *ap)"
.br
.RI "\fIReleases all objects placed in the auto-release pool. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__XSAutoreleasePool\fP * \fB__XSMemory_GetCurrentAutoreleasePool\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets a pointer to a memory records object from a pointer returned by the XS allocation functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__XSMemoryObject\fP * \fB__XSMemory_GetMemoryObject\fP (void *ptr)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the current (top-level) auto-release pool. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__XSAutoreleasePool\fP * \fB__xsmemory_ar_pools\fP []"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSUInteger\fP \fB__xsmemory_ar_pools_num\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Private memory functions and private XSAutoreleasePool class definitions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fB__XSMemory.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define XS_MEMORY_MAX_AR_POOLS   256"
.PP
Maximum number of auto-release pools. 
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file __XSMemory.h.
.SS "#define XS_MEMORY_NUM_OBJECTS   256"
.PP
Initial capacity of the auto-release pools. 
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file __XSMemory.h.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fB__XSAutoreleasePool\fP"
.PP
XSAutoreleasePool class type. 
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file __XSMemory.h.
.SS "\fB__XSMemoryObject\fP"
.PP
... 
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file __XSMemory.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void __XSAutoreleasePool_Copy (\fBXSObject\fPsource, \fBXSObject\fPdestination)"
.PP
Object copy. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsource\fP The source object 
.br
\fIdestination\fP The destination object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void __XSAutoreleasePool_Destruct (\fBXSObject\fPobject)"
.PP
Destructor. A pointer to the object to be destructed 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIobject\fP The object that will be destructed 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void __XSAutoreleasePool_Initialize (void)"
.PP
Runtime initialization. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void __XSMemory_AutoreleasePoolDrain (\fB__XSAutoreleasePool\fP *ap)"
.PP
Releases all objects placed in the auto-release pool. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fB__XSAutoreleasePool\fP* __XSMemory_GetCurrentAutoreleasePool (void)"
.PP
Gets a pointer to a memory records object from a pointer returned by the XS allocation functions. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The auto-release pool object or NULL if no aut-release pool were created 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fB__XSMemoryObject\fP* __XSMemory_GetMemoryObject (void *ptr)"
.PP
Gets the current (top-level) auto-release pool. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the memory record object 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fB__XSAutoreleasePool\fP* \fB__xsmemory_ar_pools\fP[]"
.SS "\fBXSUInteger\fP \fB__xsmemory_ar_pools_num\fP"
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
