.TH "source/include/xs/ Directory Reference" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
source/include/xs/ Directory Reference \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Directories"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "directory \fB__private\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Files"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSApplication.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSApplication class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSApplicationArgument.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSApplicationArgument class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSArray.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSArray class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSBag.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSBag class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSBool.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSBool class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSBTree.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSBTree class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSColor.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSColor class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSConstants.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIGeneral constants. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSData.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSData class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSDebugLog.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIDebug log functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSDictionary.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSDictionary class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSError.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSError class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSException.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSException class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSFile.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSFile class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSGeometry.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIGeometry functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSHost.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSHost class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSLock.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSLock class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSLog.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fILogging functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSMacros.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIGeneral macros. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSMacrosException.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIException macros. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSMacrosTarget.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIAutoconfiguration of TARGET_ conditionals. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSMemory.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIMemory management functions and XSAutoreleasePool class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSMemoryDebug.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIMemory debug functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSNotification.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSNotification class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSNotificationCenter.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSNotificationCenter class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSNull.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSNull class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSNumber.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSNumber class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSRuntime.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIRuntime functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSSet.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSSet class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSSort.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fISort functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSString.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSString class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSThread.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSThread class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSTimer.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSTimer class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSTypes.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSFoundation data-types. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSURL.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSURL class functions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBXSURLRequest.h\fP"
.br
.PP

.RI "\fIXSURLRequest class functions. \fP"
.in -1c
