.TH "std-math.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std-math.h \- 
.PP
Mathematical macros.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__LOG2\fP   0.301029995663981f"
.br
.RI "\fIConstant for the binary logarithm macro. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBABS\fP(a)   ( ( a ) < 0 ? ( -( a ) ) : ( a ) )"
.br
.RI "\fIAbsolute value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLOG2\fP(x)   ( log10( x ) / __LOG2 )"
.br
.RI "\fIBinary logarithm. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBM_PI\fP   3.1415926535897932384626433832795"
.br
.RI "\fIPi (π) constant. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMAX\fP(a, b)   ( ( ( a ) > ( b ) ) ? a : b )"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the max of two values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMIN\fP(a, b)   ( ( ( a ) < ( b ) ) ? a : b )"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the min of two values. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Mathematical macros. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBstd-math.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define __LOG2   0.301029995663981f"
.PP
Constant for the binary logarithm macro. 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file std-math.h.
.SS "#define ABS(a)   ( ( a ) < 0 ? ( -( a ) ) : ( a ) )"
.PP
Absolute value. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP The value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 104 of file std-math.h.
.SS "#define LOG2(x)   ( log10( x ) / __LOG2 )"
.PP
Binary logarithm. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP The value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 69 of file std-math.h.
.SS "#define M_PI   3.1415926535897932384626433832795"
.PP
Pi (π) constant. 
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file std-math.h.
.SS "#define MAX(a, b)   ( ( ( a ) > ( b ) ) ? a : b )"
.PP
Get the max of two values. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP The first value 
.br
\fIb\fP The second value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 81 of file std-math.h.
.SS "#define MIN(a, b)   ( ( ( a ) < ( b ) ) ? a : b )"
.PP
Get the min of two values. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP The first value 
.br
\fIb\fP The second value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 93 of file std-math.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
