.TH "std-bitwise.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std-bitwise.h \- 
.PP
Bitwise operations.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBBITWISE_CLEAR\fP(v, f)   ( ( v ) &= ~( f ) )"
.br
.RI "\fIClears a specific bit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBBITWISE_FLAG\fP(x)   (   1   <<  ( x ) )"
.br
.RI "\fIFlags a specific bit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBBITWISE_ISSET\fP(v, f)   ( ( v ) &   ( f ) )"
.br
.RI "\fITests for a specific bit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBBITWISE_SET\fP(v, f)   ( ( v ) |=  ( f ) )"
.br
.RI "\fISets a specific bit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBBITWISE_TOGGLE\fP(v, f)   ( ( v ) ^=  ( f ) )"
.br
.RI "\fIToggles a specific bit. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Bitwise operations. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBstd-bitwise.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define BITWISE_CLEAR(v, f)   ( ( v ) &= ~( f ) )"
.PP
Clears a specific bit. 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file std-bitwise.h.
.SS "#define BITWISE_FLAG(x)   (   1   <<  ( x ) )"
.PP
Flags a specific bit. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file std-bitwise.h.
.SS "#define BITWISE_ISSET(v, f)   ( ( v ) &   ( f ) )"
.PP
Tests for a specific bit. 
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file std-bitwise.h.
.SS "#define BITWISE_SET(v, f)   ( ( v ) |=  ( f ) )"
.PP
Sets a specific bit. 
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file std-bitwise.h.
.SS "#define BITWISE_TOGGLE(v, f)   ( ( v ) ^=  ( f ) )"
.PP
Toggles a specific bit. 
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file std-bitwise.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
