.TH "std-ascii.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std-ascii.h \- 
.PP
ASCII control characters.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_ACK\fP   '\\6'"
.br
.RI "\fIAknowledgment. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_BEL\fP   '\\7'"
.br
.RI "\fIBell. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_BS\fP   '\\8'"
.br
.RI "\fIBackspace. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_CAN\fP   '\\24'"
.br
.RI "\fICancel. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_CR\fP   '\\13'"
.br
.RI "\fICarriage return. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_DC1\fP   '\\17'"
.br
.RI "\fIDevice control 1 (oft. XON) \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_DC2\fP   '\\18'"
.br
.RI "\fIDevice control 2. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_DC3\fP   '\\19'"
.br
.RI "\fIDevice control 3 (oft. XOFF) \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_DC4\fP   '\\20'"
.br
.RI "\fIDevice control 4. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_DLE\fP   '\\16'"
.br
.RI "\fIData link escape. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_EM\fP   '\\25'"
.br
.RI "\fIEnd of medium. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_ENQ\fP   '\\5'"
.br
.RI "\fIEnquiery. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_EOT\fP   '\\4'"
.br
.RI "\fIEnd of transmission. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_ESC\fP   '\\27'"
.br
.RI "\fIEscape. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_ETB\fP   '\\23'"
.br
.RI "\fIEnd of transmission block. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_ETX\fP   '\\3'"
.br
.RI "\fIEnd of text. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_FF\fP   '\\12'"
.br
.RI "\fIForm feed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_FS\fP   '\\28'"
.br
.RI "\fIFile separator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_GS\fP   '\\29'"
.br
.RI "\fIGroup separator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_LF\fP   '\\10'"
.br
.RI "\fILine feed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_NAK\fP   '\\21'"
.br
.RI "\fINegative acknowledgement. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_NUL\fP   '\\0'"
.br
.RI "\fINull character. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_RS\fP   '\\30'"
.br
.RI "\fIRecord separator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_SI\fP   '\\15'"
.br
.RI "\fIShift in. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_SO\fP   '\\14'"
.br
.RI "\fIShift out. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_SOH\fP   '\\1'"
.br
.RI "\fIStart of header. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_STX\fP   '\\2'"
.br
.RI "\fIStart of text. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_SUB\fP   '\\26'"
.br
.RI "\fISubstitute. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_SYN\fP   '\\22'"
.br
.RI "\fISynchronous idle. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_TAB\fP   '\\9'"
.br
.RI "\fIHorizontal tab. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_US\fP   '\\31'"
.br
.RI "\fIUnit separator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBASCII_VT\fP   '\\11'"
.br
.RI "\fIVertical tab. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
ASCII control characters. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBstd-ascii.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define ASCII_ACK   '\\6'"
.PP
Aknowledgment. 
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_BEL   '\\7'"
.PP
Bell. 
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_BS   '\\8'"
.PP
Backspace. 
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_CAN   '\\24'"
.PP
Cancel. 
.PP
Definition at line 194 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_CR   '\\13'"
.PP
Carriage return. 
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_DC1   '\\17'"
.PP
Device control 1 (oft. XON) 
.PP
Definition at line 152 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_DC2   '\\18'"
.PP
Device control 2. 
.PP
Definition at line 158 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_DC3   '\\19'"
.PP
Device control 3 (oft. XOFF) 
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_DC4   '\\20'"
.PP
Device control 4. 
.PP
Definition at line 170 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_DLE   '\\16'"
.PP
Data link escape. 
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_EM   '\\25'"
.PP
End of medium. 
.PP
Definition at line 200 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_ENQ   '\\5'"
.PP
Enquiery. 
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_EOT   '\\4'"
.PP
End of transmission. 
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_ESC   '\\27'"
.PP
Escape. 
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_ETB   '\\23'"
.PP
End of transmission block. 
.PP
Definition at line 188 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_ETX   '\\3'"
.PP
End of text. 
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_FF   '\\12'"
.PP
Form feed. 
.PP
Definition at line 122 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_FS   '\\28'"
.PP
File separator. 
.PP
Definition at line 218 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_GS   '\\29'"
.PP
Group separator. 
.PP
Definition at line 224 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_LF   '\\10'"
.PP
Line feed. 
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_NAK   '\\21'"
.PP
Negative acknowledgement. 
.PP
Definition at line 176 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_NUL   '\\0'"
.PP
Null character. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_RS   '\\30'"
.PP
Record separator. 
.PP
Definition at line 230 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_SI   '\\15'"
.PP
Shift in. 
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_SO   '\\14'"
.PP
Shift out. 
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_SOH   '\\1'"
.PP
Start of header. 
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_STX   '\\2'"
.PP
Start of text. 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_SUB   '\\26'"
.PP
Substitute. 
.PP
Definition at line 206 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_SYN   '\\22'"
.PP
Synchronous idle. 
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_TAB   '\\9'"
.PP
Horizontal tab. 
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_US   '\\31'"
.PP
Unit separator. 
.PP
Definition at line 236 of file std-ascii.h.
.SS "#define ASCII_VT   '\\11'"
.PP
Vertical tab. 
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file std-ascii.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
