.TH "std-md5.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
std-md5.h \- 
.PP
MD5 hash algorithm.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBMD5_CTX_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMD5 context structure. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMD5_DIGEST_LENGTH\fP   16"
.br
.RI "\fIThe length of a MD5 digest. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBMD5_CTX_Struct\fP \fBMD5_CTX\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMD5 context. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMD5_Final\fP (unsigned char digest[16], \fBMD5_CTX\fP *context)"
.br
.RI "\fIFinalizes the message digest. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMD5_Init\fP (\fBMD5_CTX\fP *context)"
.br
.RI "\fIinitializes a MD5_CTX structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMD5_Update\fP (\fBMD5_CTX\fP *context, unsigned char *data, unsigned int length)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdates the MD5_CTX structure with chunks of the message to be hashed. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
MD5 hash algorithm. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
RSA Data Security, Inc. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBstd-md5.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define MD5_DIGEST_LENGTH   16"
.PP
The length of a MD5 digest. 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file std-md5.h.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBMD5_CTX\fP"
.PP
MD5 context. 
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file std-md5.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void MD5_Final (unsigned chardigest[16], \fBMD5_CTX\fP *context)"
.PP
Finalizes the message digest. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdigest\fP The buffer for the digest (16 bytes) 
.br
\fIcontext\fP The MD5 context 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void MD5_Init (\fBMD5_CTX\fP *context)"
.PP
initializes a MD5_CTX structure. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcontext\fP The MD5 contex 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void MD5_Update (\fBMD5_CTX\fP *context, unsigned char *data, unsigned intlength)"
.PP
Updates the MD5_CTX structure with chunks of the message to be hashed. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcontext\fP The MD5 context 
.br
\fIdata\fP The message data 
.br
\fIlength\fP The length of the message data 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
