.TH "win32-signal.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
win32-signal.h \- 
.PP
Signal functions for Windows.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdint.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'win32-types.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsigaction\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsiginfo_t_struct\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "union \fBsigval\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI... \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGABRT\fP   0x01"
.br
.RI "\fIAbort. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGALRM\fP   0x02"
.br
.RI "\fIAlarm. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGBUS\fP   0x14"
.br
.RI "\fIBus error. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGCHLD\fP   0x0E"
.br
.RI "\fIChild process termination. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGCONT\fP   0x0F"
.br
.RI "\fIProcess restart. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGFPE\fP   0x03"
.br
.RI "\fIFloating point exception. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGHUP\fP   0x04"
.br
.RI "\fIHang-up. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGILL\fP   0x05"
.br
.RI "\fIIllegal instruction. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGINT\fP   0x06"
.br
.RI "\fIInterrupt request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGKILL\fP   0x07"
.br
.RI "\fIKill process. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGPIPE\fP   0x08"
.br
.RI "\fIPipe exception. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGPOLL\fP   0x15"
.br
.RI "\fIAsynchronous I/O event. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGPROF\fP   0x16"
.br
.RI "\fIProfiling timer expiration. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGQUIT\fP   0x09"
.br
.RI "\fICore dump. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGSEGV\fP   0x0A"
.br
.RI "\fISegmentation fault. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGSTOP\fP   0x10"
.br
.RI "\fIProcess stop. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGSYS\fP   0x17"
.br
.RI "\fIBad system call argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGTERM\fP   0x0B"
.br
.RI "\fIProcess termination request. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGTRAP\fP   0x18"
.br
.RI "\fIDebugger condition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGTSTP\fP   0x11"
.br
.RI "\fIProcess pause. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGTTIN\fP   0x12"
.br
.RI "\fITTY read. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGTTOU\fP   0x13"
.br
.RI "\fITTY write. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGURG\fP   0x19"
.br
.RI "\fIUrgent data in socket. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGUSR1\fP   0x0C"
.br
.RI "\fIUser defined condition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGUSR2\fP   0x0D"
.br
.RI "\fIUser defined consition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGVTALRM\fP   0x1A"
.br
.RI "\fITime limit elapsed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGXCPU\fP   0x1B"
.br
.RI "\fIExceeded CPU time. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIGXFSZ\fP   0x1C"
.br
.RI "\fIAllowed file size exceeded. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBsiginfo_t_struct\fP \fBsiginfo_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI... \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef uint64_t \fBsigset_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI... \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsigaction\fP (int sig, const struct \fBsigaction\fP *act, struct \fBsigaction\fP *oact)"
.br
.RI "\fI... \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsigemptyset\fP (\fBsigset_t\fP *set)"
.br
.RI "\fI... \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Signal functions for Windows. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBwin32-signal.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define SIGABRT   0x01"
.PP
Abort. 
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGALRM   0x02"
.PP
Alarm. 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGBUS   0x14"
.PP
Bus error. 
.PP
Definition at line 206 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGCHLD   0x0E"
.PP
Child process termination. 
.PP
Definition at line 158 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGCONT   0x0F"
.PP
Process restart. 
.PP
Definition at line 166 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGFPE   0x03"
.PP
Floating point exception. 
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGHUP   0x04"
.PP
Hang-up. 
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGILL   0x05"
.PP
Illegal instruction. 
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGINT   0x06"
.PP
Interrupt request. 
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGKILL   0x07"
.PP
Kill process. 
.PP
Definition at line 102 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGPIPE   0x08"
.PP
Pipe exception. 
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGPOLL   0x15"
.PP
Asynchronous I/O event. 
.PP
Definition at line 214 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGPROF   0x16"
.PP
Profiling timer expiration. 
.PP
Definition at line 222 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGQUIT   0x09"
.PP
Core dump. 
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGSEGV   0x0A"
.PP
Segmentation fault. 
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGSTOP   0x10"
.PP
Process stop. 
.PP
Definition at line 174 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGSYS   0x17"
.PP
Bad system call argument. 
.PP
Definition at line 230 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGTERM   0x0B"
.PP
Process termination request. 
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGTRAP   0x18"
.PP
Debugger condition. 
.PP
Definition at line 238 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGTSTP   0x11"
.PP
Process pause. 
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGTTIN   0x12"
.PP
TTY read. 
.PP
Definition at line 190 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGTTOU   0x13"
.PP
TTY write. 
.PP
Definition at line 198 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGURG   0x19"
.PP
Urgent data in socket. 
.PP
Definition at line 246 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGUSR1   0x0C"
.PP
User defined condition. 
.PP
Definition at line 142 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGUSR2   0x0D"
.PP
User defined consition. 
.PP
Definition at line 150 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGVTALRM   0x1A"
.PP
Time limit elapsed. 
.PP
Definition at line 254 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGXCPU   0x1B"
.PP
Exceeded CPU time. 
.PP
Definition at line 262 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "#define SIGXFSZ   0x1C"
.PP
Allowed file size exceeded. 
.PP
Definition at line 270 of file win32-signal.h.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBsiginfo_t\fP"
.PP
... 
.PP
Definition at line 310 of file win32-signal.h.
.SS "\fBsigset_t\fP"
.PP
... 
.PP
Definition at line 277 of file win32-signal.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBsigaction\fP (intsig, const struct \fBsigaction\fP *act, struct \fBsigaction\fP *oact)"
.PP
... \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsig\fP ... 
.br
\fIact\fP ... 
.br
\fIoact\fP ... 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
... 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int sigemptyset (\fBsigset_t\fP *set)"
.PP
... \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIset\fP ... 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
... 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
