.TH "win32-stat.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
win32-stat.h \- 
.PP
Stat functions for windows.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IFBLK\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIBlock special. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IFCHR\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fICharacter special. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IFDIR\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIDirectory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IFIFO\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIFIFO special. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IFLNK\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fISymbolic link. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IFMT\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIType of file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IFREG\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIRegular. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IFSOCK\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fISocket. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IRGRP\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead permission, group. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IROTH\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead permission, others. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IRUSR\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead permission, owner. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IRWXG\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead, write, execute/search by group. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IRWXO\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead, write, execute/search by others. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IRWXO\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead, write, execute/search by others. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IRWXU\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead, write, execute/search by owner. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IRWXU\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead, write, execute/search by owner. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_ISGID\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fISet-group-ID on execution. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_ISUID\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fISet-user-ID on execution. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IWGRP\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIWrite permission, group. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IWUSR\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIExecute/search permission, owner. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IXGRP\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIExecute/search permission, group. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBS_IXOTH\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIExecute/search permission, others. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstat\fP (const char *path, struct stat *buf)"
.br
.RI "\fIObtains information about the named file and write it to the area pointed to by the buf argument. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Stat functions for windows. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBwin32-stat.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define S_IFBLK   0"
.PP
Block special. 
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IFCHR   0"
.PP
Character special. 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IFDIR   0"
.PP
Directory. 
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IFIFO   0"
.PP
FIFO special. 
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IFLNK   0"
.PP
Symbolic link. 
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IFMT   0"
.PP
Type of file. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IFREG   0"
.PP
Regular. 
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IFSOCK   0"
.PP
Socket. 
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IRGRP   0"
.PP
Read permission, group. 
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IROTH   0"
.PP
Read permission, others. 
.PP
Definition at line 151 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IRUSR   0"
.PP
Read permission, owner. 
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IRWXG   0"
.PP
Read, write, execute/search by group. 
.PP
Definition at line 122 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IRWXO   0"
.PP
Read, write, execute/search by others. Write permission, others. 
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IRWXO   0"
.PP
Read, write, execute/search by others. Write permission, others. 
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IRWXU   0"
.PP
Read, write, execute/search by owner. Write permission, owner. 
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IRWXU   0"
.PP
Read, write, execute/search by owner. Write permission, owner. 
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_ISGID   0"
.PP
Set-group-ID on execution. 
.PP
Definition at line 175 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_ISUID   0"
.PP
Set-user-ID on execution. 
.PP
Definition at line 169 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IWGRP   0"
.PP
Write permission, group. 
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IWUSR   0"
.PP
Execute/search permission, owner. 
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IXGRP   0"
.PP
Execute/search permission, group. 
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file win32-stat.h.
.SS "#define S_IXOTH   0"
.PP
Execute/search permission, others. 
.PP
Definition at line 163 of file win32-stat.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int stat (const char *path, struct stat *buf)"
.PP
Obtains information about the named file and write it to the area pointed to by the buf argument. Read, write, or execute permission of the named file is not required. An implementation that provides additional or alternate file access control mechanisms may, under implementation-defined conditions, cause \fBstat()\fP to fail. In particular, the system may deny the existence of the file specified by path. If the named file is a symbolic link, the \fBstat()\fP function shall continue pathname resolution using the contents of the symbolic link, and shall return information pertaining to the resulting file if the file exists. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpath\fP The file path 
.br
\fIbuf\fP A pointer to the stat information structure 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
O on success, otherwise -1. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
