.TH "win32-types.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
win32-types.h \- 
.PP
Definition of POSIX system types for Windows.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdint.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef uint32_t \fBdev_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed for device IDs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef uint32_t \fBgid_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed for group IDs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef uint32_t \fBnlink_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed for link counts. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef uint32_t \fBpid_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed for process IDs and process group IDs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef uint32_t \fBuid_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed for user IDs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef uint64_t \fBuseconds_t\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed for time in microseconds. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition of POSIX system types for Windows. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBwin32-types.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBdev_t\fP"
.PP
Used for device IDs. 
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file win32-types.h.
.SS "\fBgid_t\fP"
.PP
Used for group IDs. 
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file win32-types.h.
.SS "\fBnlink_t\fP"
.PP
Used for link counts. 
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file win32-types.h.
.SS "\fBpid_t\fP"
.PP
Used for process IDs and process group IDs. 
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file win32-types.h.
.SS "\fBuid_t\fP"
.PP
Used for user IDs. 
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file win32-types.h.
.SS "\fBuseconds_t\fP"
.PP
Used for time in microseconds. 
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file win32-types.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
