.TH "XSApplicationArgument.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XSApplicationArgument.h \- 
.PP
XSApplicationArgument class functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'XSMacros.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB__XSApplicationArgument_Struct\fP * \fBXSApplicationArgument\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpaque type for the XSApplicationArgument objects. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBXSApplicationArgumentType\fP { \fBXSApplicationArgumentTypeFlag\fP =  0x00, \fBXSApplicationArgumentTypeInteger\fP =  0x01, \fBXSApplicationArgumentTypeUnsignedInteger\fP =  0x02, \fBXSApplicationArgumentTypeString\fP =  0x03, \fBXSApplicationArgumentTypeFloat\fP =  0x04 }"
.br
.RI "\fICommand line argument types. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "XSStatic \fBXSApplicationArgument\fP \fBXSApplicationArgument_Alloc\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIObject allocator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBOOL\fP \fBXSApplicationArgument_GetFlag\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the flag state for the argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSFloat\fP \fBXSApplicationArgument_GetFloatValue\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the float value for the argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBXSApplicationArgument_GetHelp\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the help text of the CLI argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSInteger\fP \fBXSApplicationArgument_GetIntegerValue\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the integer value for the argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBXSApplicationArgument_GetName\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the name of the CLI argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBXSApplicationArgument_GetStringValue\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the string value for the argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSApplicationArgumentType\fP \fBXSApplicationArgument_GetType\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the type of the CLI argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSUInteger\fP \fBXSApplicationArgument_GetUnsignedIntegerValue\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the unsigned integer value for the argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP \fBXSApplicationArgument_Init\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis, const char *name, \fBXSApplicationArgumentType\fP type, const char *help)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes a CLI argument object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBXSApplicationArgument_SetFlag\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the flag to 'on' for the argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBXSApplicationArgument_SetFloatValue\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis, \fBXSFloat\fP value)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the float value for the argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBXSApplicationArgument_SetIntegerValue\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis, \fBXSInteger\fP value)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the integer value for the argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBXSApplicationArgument_SetStringValue\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis, const char *value)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the string value for the argument. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBXSApplicationArgument_SetUnsignedIntegerValue\fP (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP xsThis, \fBXSUInteger\fP value)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the unsigned integer value for the argument. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
XSApplicationArgument class functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBXSApplicationArgument.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP"
.PP
Opaque type for the XSApplicationArgument objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file XSApplicationArgument.h.
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBXSApplicationArgumentType\fP"
.PP
Command line argument types. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIXSApplicationArgumentTypeFlag \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIXSApplicationArgumentTypeInteger \fP\fP
Flag type (no value) 
.TP
\fB\fIXSApplicationArgumentTypeUnsignedInteger \fP\fP
Integer type 
.TP
\fB\fIXSApplicationArgumentTypeString \fP\fP
Unsigned integer type 
.TP
\fB\fIXSApplicationArgumentTypeFloat \fP\fP
String type (char pointer) 
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file XSApplicationArgument.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "XSStatic \fBXSApplicationArgument\fP XSApplicationArgument_Alloc (void)"
.PP
Object allocator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The allocated object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBBOOL\fP XSApplicationArgument_GetFlag (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the flag state for the argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A boolean value indicating if the flag is set 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSFloat\fP XSApplicationArgument_GetFloatValue (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the float value for the argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The argument's float value 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const char* XSApplicationArgument_GetHelp (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the help text of the CLI argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The help text of the argument object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSInteger\fP XSApplicationArgument_GetIntegerValue (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the integer value for the argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The argument's integer value 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const char* XSApplicationArgument_GetName (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the name of the CLI argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The name of the argument object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const char* XSApplicationArgument_GetStringValue (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the string value for the argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The argument's string value 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSApplicationArgumentType\fP XSApplicationArgument_GetType (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the type of the CLI argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The type of the argument object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSUInteger\fP XSApplicationArgument_GetUnsignedIntegerValue (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the unsigned integer value for the argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The argumen'ts unsigned integer value 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSApplicationArgument\fP XSApplicationArgument_Init (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis, const char *name, \fBXSApplicationArgumentType\fPtype, const char *help)"
.PP
Initializes a CLI argument object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.br
\fIname\fP The name of the CLI argument, including dashes (- or --) 
.br
\fItype\fP The type of the CLI argument 
.br
\fIhelp\fP The help text (pass NULL if none) 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The argument object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void XSApplicationArgument_SetFlag (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Sets the flag to 'on' for the argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void XSApplicationArgument_SetFloatValue (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis, \fBXSFloat\fPvalue)"
.PP
Sets the float value for the argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.br
\fIvalue\fP ... 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void XSApplicationArgument_SetIntegerValue (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis, \fBXSInteger\fPvalue)"
.PP
Sets the integer value for the argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.br
\fIvalue\fP ... 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void XSApplicationArgument_SetStringValue (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis, const char *value)"
.PP
Sets the string value for the argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.br
\fIvalue\fP ... 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void XSApplicationArgument_SetUnsignedIntegerValue (\fBXSApplicationArgument\fPxsThis, \fBXSUInteger\fPvalue)"
.PP
Sets the unsigned integer value for the argument. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The argument object 
.br
\fIvalue\fP ... 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
