.TH "XSData.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XSData.h \- 
.PP
XSData class functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'XSMacros.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB__XSData_Struct\fP * \fBXSData\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpaque type for the XSData objects. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP \fBXSData_Alloc\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIObject allocator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBXSData_AppendBytes\fP (\fBXSData\fP xsThis, \fBUInt8\fP *bytes, \fBXSUInteger\fP length)"
.br
.RI "\fIAppends bytes to the data object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "XSAutoreleased \fBUInt8\fP * \fBXSData_GetBytes\fP (\fBXSData\fP xsThis, \fBXSRange\fP range)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet bytes from the data object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBUInt8\fP * \fBXSData_GetBytesPointer\fP (\fBXSData\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets a pointer to the bytes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSUInteger\fP \fBXSData_GetLength\fP (\fBXSData\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the data length. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSObject\fP \fBXSData_Init\fP (\fBXSObject\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes a data object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSData\fP \fBXSData_InitWithBytes\fP (\fBXSData\fP xsThis, \fBUInt8\fP *bytes, \fBXSUInteger\fP length)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes a data object with bytes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSData\fP \fBXSData_InitWithCapacity\fP (\fBXSData\fP xsThis, \fBXSUInteger\fP capacity)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes a data object with an initial capacity. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
XSData class functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBXSData.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBXSData\fP"
.PP
Opaque type for the XSData objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file XSData.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP XSData_Alloc (void)"
.PP
Object allocator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The allocated object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void XSData_AppendBytes (\fBXSData\fPxsThis, \fBUInt8\fP *bytes, \fBXSUInteger\fPlength)"
.PP
Appends bytes to the data object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The data object 
.br
\fIbytes\fP The bytes to append 
.br
\fIlength\fP The length of the data to append 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The data bytes 
.RE
.PP

.SS "XSAutoreleased \fBUInt8\fP* XSData_GetBytes (\fBXSData\fPxsThis, \fBXSRange\fPrange)"
.PP
Get bytes from the data object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The data object 
.br
\fIrange\fP The range of the data to get 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The data bytes 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBUInt8\fP* XSData_GetBytesPointer (\fBXSData\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets a pointer to the bytes. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The data object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the bytes data 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSUInteger\fP XSData_GetLength (\fBXSData\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the data length. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The data length 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSObject\fP XSData_Init (\fBXSObject\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Initializes a data object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The data object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The data object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSData\fP XSData_InitWithBytes (\fBXSData\fPxsThis, \fBUInt8\fP *bytes, \fBXSUInteger\fPlength)"
.PP
Initializes a data object with bytes. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The data object 
.br
\fIbytes\fP The data to copy 
.br
\fIlength\fP The length of the data 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The data object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSData\fP XSData_InitWithCapacity (\fBXSData\fPxsThis, \fBXSUInteger\fPcapacity)"
.PP
Initializes a data object with an initial capacity. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The data object 
.br
\fIcapacity\fP The initial capacity 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The data object 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
