.TH "XSError.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XSError.h \- 
.PP
XSError class functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'XSMacros.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB__XSError_Struct\fP * \fBXSError\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpaque type for the XSError objects. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP \fBXSError_Alloc\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIObject allocator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSInteger\fP \fBXSError_GetCode\fP (\fBXSError\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the error code. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSString\fP \fBXSError_GetDomain\fP (\fBXSError\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the error domain. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSString\fP \fBXSError_GetReason\fP (\fBXSError\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the error message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSError\fP \fBXSError_Init\fP (\fBXSError\fP xsThis, \fBXSInteger\fP code, \fBXSString\fP domain, \fBXSString\fP reason)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes an error. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
XSError class functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBXSError.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBXSError\fP"
.PP
Opaque type for the XSError objects. Opaque type for the XSHost objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file XSError.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP XSError_Alloc (void)"
.PP
Object allocator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The allocated object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSInteger\fP XSError_GetCode (\fBXSError\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the error code. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The error object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The error code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSString\fP XSError_GetDomain (\fBXSError\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the error domain. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The error object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The error domain 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSString\fP XSError_GetReason (\fBXSError\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the error message. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The error object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The error message 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSError\fP XSError_Init (\fBXSError\fPxsThis, \fBXSInteger\fPcode, \fBXSString\fPdomain, \fBXSString\fPreason)"
.PP
Initializes an error. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The error object 
.br
\fIcode\fP The error code 
.br
\fIdomain\fP The error domain 
.br
\fIreason\fP The error message 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The error object 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
