.TH "XSException.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XSException.h \- 
.PP
XSException class functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'XSMacros.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBXSExceptionContext_Struct\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB__XSException_Struct\fP * \fBXSException\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpaque type for the XSError objects. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP \fBXSException_Alloc\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIObject allocator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSInteger\fP \fBXSException_GetCode\fP (\fBXSException\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the exception code. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSString\fP \fBXSException_GetReason\fP (\fBXSException\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the exception message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSException\fP \fBXSException_Init\fP (\fBXSException\fP xsThis, \fBXSInteger\fP code, \fBXSString\fP reason)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes an exception. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "XSStatic XSAutoreleased \fBXSException\fP \fBXSException_New\fP (\fBXSInteger\fP code, \fBXSString\fP reason)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes an exception. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBXSExceptionContext_Struct\fP * \fBXSExceptionContext\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
XSException class functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBXSException.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBXSException\fP"
.PP
Opaque type for the XSError objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file XSException.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP XSException_Alloc (void)"
.PP
Object allocator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The allocated object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSInteger\fP XSException_GetCode (\fBXSException\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the exception code. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The exception object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The error code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSString\fP XSException_GetReason (\fBXSException\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the exception message. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The exception object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The exception message 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSException\fP XSException_Init (\fBXSException\fPxsThis, \fBXSInteger\fPcode, \fBXSString\fPreason)"
.PP
Initializes an exception. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The exception object 
.br
\fIcode\fP The exception code 
.br
\fIreason\fP The exception message 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The exception object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "XSStatic XSAutoreleased \fBXSException\fP XSException_New (\fBXSInteger\fPcode, \fBXSString\fPreason)"
.PP
Initializes an exception. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcode\fP The exception code 
.br
\fIreason\fP The exception message 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The exception object 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct \fBXSExceptionContext_Struct\fP* \fBXSExceptionContext\fP"
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
