.TH "XSGeometry.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XSGeometry.h \- 
.PP
Geometry functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'XSMacros.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'XSTypes.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSFloat\fP \fBXSAngleBetweenPoints\fP (\fBXSPoint\fP a, \fBXSPoint\fP b)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the angle from two points. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSFloat\fP \fBXSDegreesToRadians\fP (\fBXSFloat\fP x)"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts a degree angle to a radian angle. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSFloat\fP \fBXSDistanceBetweenPoints\fP (\fBXSPoint\fP a, \fBXSPoint\fP b)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the distance between two points. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSEdgeInsets\fP \fBXSMakeEdgeInsets\fP (\fBXSFloat\fP left, \fBXSFloat\fP top, \fBXSFloat\fP right, \fBXSFloat\fP bottom)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes an XSEdgeInsets structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSPoint\fP \fBXSMakePoint\fP (\fBXSFloat\fP x, \fBXSFloat\fP y)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes an XSPoint structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSRange\fP \fBXSMakeRange\fP (\fBXSUInteger\fP location, \fBXSUInteger\fP length)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes an XSRange structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSRect\fP \fBXSMakeRect\fP (\fBXSFloat\fP x, \fBXSFloat\fP y, \fBXSFloat\fP width, \fBXSFloat\fP height)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes an XSRect structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSSize\fP \fBXSMakeSize\fP (\fBXSFloat\fP width, \fBXSFloat\fP height)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes an XSSize structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSFloat\fP \fBXSRadiansToDegrees\fP (\fBXSFloat\fP x)"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts a radian angle to a degree angle. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSRect\fP \fBXSRectZero\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes an XSRect structure with 0 origin and size. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Geometry functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBXSGeometry.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBXSFloat\fP XSAngleBetweenPoints (\fBXSPoint\fPa, \fBXSPoint\fPb)"
.PP
Gets the angle from two points. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP The first point 
.br
\fIb\fP The second point 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The angle from the two points 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSFloat\fP XSDegreesToRadians (\fBXSFloat\fPx)"
.PP
Converts a degree angle to a radian angle. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP The angle in degrees 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The angle in radians 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSFloat\fP XSDistanceBetweenPoints (\fBXSPoint\fPa, \fBXSPoint\fPb)"
.PP
Gets the distance between two points. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP The first point 
.br
\fIb\fP The second point 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The distance between the two points 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSEdgeInsets\fP XSMakeEdgeInsets (\fBXSFloat\fPleft, \fBXSFloat\fPtop, \fBXSFloat\fPright, \fBXSFloat\fPbottom)"
.PP
Initializes an XSEdgeInsets structure. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIleft\fP The left coordinate 
.br
\fItop\fP The top coordinate 
.br
\fIright\fP The right coordinate 
.br
\fIbottom\fP The bottom coordinate 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An XSEdgeInsets structure 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSPoint\fP XSMakePoint (\fBXSFloat\fPx, \fBXSFloat\fPy)"
.PP
Initializes an XSPoint structure. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP The X coordinate 
.br
\fIy\fP The Y coordinate 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An XSPoint structure 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSRange\fP XSMakeRange (\fBXSUInteger\fPlocation, \fBXSUInteger\fPlength)"
.PP
Initializes an XSRange structure. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlocation\fP The range location 
.br
\fIlength\fP The range length 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An XSRange structure 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSRect\fP XSMakeRect (\fBXSFloat\fPx, \fBXSFloat\fPy, \fBXSFloat\fPwidth, \fBXSFloat\fPheight)"
.PP
Initializes an XSRect structure. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP The X coordinate 
.br
\fIy\fP The Y coordinate 
.br
\fIwidth\fP The width 
.br
\fIheight\fP The height 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An XSRect structure 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSSize\fP XSMakeSize (\fBXSFloat\fPwidth, \fBXSFloat\fPheight)"
.PP
Initializes an XSSize structure. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwidth\fP The width 
.br
\fIheight\fP The height 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An XSSize structure 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSFloat\fP XSRadiansToDegrees (\fBXSFloat\fPx)"
.PP
Converts a radian angle to a degree angle. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP The angle in radians 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The angle in degrees 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSRect\fP XSRectZero (void)"
.PP
Initializes an XSRect structure with 0 origin and size. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An XSRect structure 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
