.TH "XSMacros.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XSMacros.h \- 
.PP
General macros.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'XSMacrosTarget.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'XSMacrosException.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__func__\fP   '<unknown function>'"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XS_VERS__\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIXSFoundation version number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XS_VERS_BUG__\fP   2"
.br
.RI "\fIXSFoundation bugfix version number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XS_VERS_MAJ__\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fIXSFoundation major version number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XS_VERS_MIN__\fP   2"
.br
.RI "\fIXSFoundation minor version number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XS_VERS_PATCH__\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIXSFoundation patch level version number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XS_VERS_STR__\fP   '1.2.2-0'"
.br
.RI "\fIXSFoundation version number string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fB__XSFatalError\fP(FILE, LINE,...)"
.br
.RI "\fIIssues a fatal error message and aborts the program. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCONST_ATTRIBUTE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStandardization of the const compiler attribute. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDEPRECATED_ATTRIBUTE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStandardization of the deprecated compiler attribute. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBFALSE\fP   0"
.br
.RI "\fIFALSE value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBFORMAT_ATTRIBUTE\fP(f, s, v)"
.br
.RI "\fIStandardization of the format compiler attribute. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBNORETURN_ATTRIBUTE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStandardization of the noreturn compiler attribute. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBNULL\fP   ( ( void * )0 )"
.br
.RI "\fINULL value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTRUE\fP   1"
.br
.RI "\fITRUE value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBUNAVAILABLE_ATTRIBUTE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStandardization of the unavailable compiler attribute. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBWEAK_ATTRIBUTE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStandardization of the weak compiler attribute. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBWEAK_IMPORT_ATTRIBUTE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStandardization of the weak import compiler attribute. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXS_EXTERN_C_BEGIN\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISubstitution for 'extern 'C' {' start. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXS_EXTERN_C_END\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISubstitution for 'extern 'C' {' end. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXS_INLINE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStandardization of the inline compiler keyword. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXSEndian16_Swap\fP(value)"
.br
.RI "\fISwap endiannes of a 16 bits value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXSEndian32_Swap\fP(value)"
.br
.RI "\fISwap endiannes of a 32 bits value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXSEndian64_Swap\fP(value)"
.br
.RI "\fISwap endiannes of a 64 bits value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXSFatalError\fP(...)   __XSFatalError( __FILE__, __LINE__, __VA_ARGS__ )"
.br
.RI "\fIIssues a fatal error message and aborts the program. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXSSTR\fP(s)   XSAutorelease( XSString_InitWithCString( XSString_Alloc(), s ) )"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes an XSString instance from a C string. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
General macros. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBXSMacros.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define __func__   '<unknown function>'"
.PP
Function name. 
.PP
Definition at line 342 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define __XS_VERS__"\fBValue:\fP
.PP
.nf
( __XS_VERS_MAJ__ * 1000000 \
                    + __XS_VERS_MIN__ * 10000   \
                    + __XS_VERS_BUG__ * 100     \
                    + __XS_VERS_PATCH__ )
.fi
.PP
XSFoundation version number. 
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define __XS_VERS_BUG__   2"
.PP
XSFoundation bugfix version number. 
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define __XS_VERS_MAJ__   1"
.PP
XSFoundation major version number. 
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define __XS_VERS_MIN__   2"
.PP
XSFoundation minor version number. 
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define __XS_VERS_PATCH__   0"
.PP
XSFoundation patch level version number. 
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define __XS_VERS_STR__   '1.2.2-0'"
.PP
XSFoundation version number string. 
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define __XSFatalError(FILE, LINE, ...)"\fBValue:\fP
.PP
.nf
fprintf( stderr, 'Fatal error: %s:%i\n', strrchr( FILE, '/' ) + 1, LINE );  \
    fprintf( stderr, __VA_ARGS__ );                                             \
    fprintf( stderr, '\n' );                                                    \
    pthread_exit( NULL );                                               \
    exit( EXIT_FAILURE );
.fi
.PP
Issues a fatal error message and aborts the program. Never call this macro directly. Use XSFatalError instead. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIFILE\fP The file name in which the error occured 
.br
\fILINE\fP The line number in which the error occured 
.br
\fI...\fP Message and format arguments 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 134 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define CONST_ATTRIBUTE"
.PP
Standardization of the const compiler attribute. Not all compiler support this attribute, so it may be defined to nothing. 
.PP
Definition at line 260 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define DEPRECATED_ATTRIBUTE"
.PP
Standardization of the deprecated compiler attribute. Not all compiler support this attribute, so it may be defined to nothing. 
.PP
Definition at line 224 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define FALSE   0"
.PP
FALSE value. 
.PP
Definition at line 318 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define FORMAT_ATTRIBUTE(f, s, v)"
.PP
Standardization of the format compiler attribute. Not all compiler support this attribute, so it may be defined to nothing. 
.PP
Definition at line 248 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define NORETURN_ATTRIBUTE"
.PP
Standardization of the noreturn compiler attribute. Not all compiler support this attribute, so it may be defined to nothing. 
.PP
Definition at line 272 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define NULL   ( ( void * )0 )"
.PP
NULL value. 
.PP
Definition at line 301 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define TRUE   1"
.PP
TRUE value. 
.PP
Definition at line 310 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define UNAVAILABLE_ATTRIBUTE"
.PP
Standardization of the unavailable compiler attribute. Not all compiler support this attribute, so it may be defined to nothing. 
.PP
Definition at line 236 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define WEAK_ATTRIBUTE"
.PP
Standardization of the weak compiler attribute. Not all compiler support this attribute, so it may be defined to nothing. 
.PP
Definition at line 198 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define WEAK_IMPORT_ATTRIBUTE"
.PP
Standardization of the weak import compiler attribute. Not all compiler support this attribute, so it may be defined to nothing. 
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define XS_EXTERN_C_BEGIN"
.PP
Substitution for 'extern 'C' {' start. 
.SS "#define XS_EXTERN_C_END"
.PP
Substitution for 'extern 'C' {' end. 
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define XS_INLINE"
.PP
Standardization of the inline compiler keyword. 
.PP
Definition at line 288 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define XSEndian16_Swap(value)"\fBValue:\fP
.PP
.nf
(                                                   \
        ( ( ( UInt16 )( ( value ) & 0x00FF ) ) << 8 ) | \
        ( ( ( UInt16 )( ( value ) & 0xFF00 ) ) >> 8 )   \
    )
.fi
.PP
Swap endiannes of a 16 bits value. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP The value to swap 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 153 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define XSEndian32_Swap(value)"\fBValue:\fP
.PP
.nf
(                                                           \
        ( ( ( UInt32 )( ( value ) & 0x000000FF ) ) << 24 ) |    \
        ( ( ( UInt32 )( ( value ) & 0x0000FF00 ) ) <<  8 ) |    \
        ( ( ( UInt32 )( ( value ) & 0x00FF0000 ) ) >>  8 ) |    \
        ( ( ( UInt32 )( ( value ) & 0xFF000000 ) ) >> 24 )      \
    )
.fi
.PP
Swap endiannes of a 32 bits value. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP The value to swap 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 164 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define XSEndian64_Swap(value)"\fBValue:\fP
.PP
.nf
(                                                                   \
        ( ( ( ( UInt64 )value ) << 56 ) & 0xFF00000000000000ULL )  |    \
        ( ( ( ( UInt64 )value ) << 40 ) & 0x00FF000000000000ULL )  |    \
        ( ( ( ( UInt64 )value ) << 24 ) & 0x0000FF0000000000ULL )  |    \
        ( ( ( ( UInt64 )value ) <<  8 ) & 0x000000FF00000000ULL )  |    \
        ( ( ( ( UInt64 )value ) >>  8 ) & 0x00000000FF000000ULL )  |    \
        ( ( ( ( UInt64 )value ) >> 24 ) & 0x0000000000FF0000ULL )  |    \
        ( ( ( ( UInt64 )value ) >> 40 ) & 0x000000000000FF00ULL )  |    \
        ( ( ( ( UInt64 )value ) >> 56 ) & 0x00000000000000FFULL )       \
    )
.fi
.PP
Swap endiannes of a 64 bits value. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP The value to swap 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 177 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define XSFatalError(...)   __XSFatalError( __FILE__, __LINE__, __VA_ARGS__ )"
.PP
Issues a fatal error message and aborts the program. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI...\fP Message and format arguments 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 146 of file XSMacros.h.
.SS "#define XSSTR(s)   XSAutorelease( XSString_InitWithCString( XSString_Alloc(), s ) )"
.PP
Initializes an XSString instance from a C string. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP A C string (char *) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 124 of file XSMacros.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
