.TH "XSNotificationCenter.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XSNotificationCenter.h \- 
.PP
XSNotificationCenter class functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'XSMacros.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'XSNotification.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB__XSNotificationCenter_Struct\fP * \fBXSNotificationCenter\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpaque type for the XSNotificationCenter objects. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBXSNotificationCenter_AddObserver\fP (\fBXSNotificationCenter\fP xsThis, \fBXSObject\fP object, \fBXSString\fP notificationName, void(*func)(\fBXSNotification\fP notification))"
.br
.RI "\fIAdds an observer attached to an object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP \fBXSNotificationCenter_Alloc\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIObject allocator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "XSStatic XSAutoreleased \fBXSNotificationCenter\fP \fBXSNotificationCenter_DefaultCenter\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the default notification center. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSObject\fP \fBXSNotificationCenter_Init\fP (\fBXSObject\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes a notification center. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBXSNotificationCenter_PostNotification\fP (\fBXSNotificationCenter\fP xsThis, \fBXSObject\fP object, \fBXSString\fP notificationName)"
.br
.RI "\fIPosts a notification. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
XSNotificationCenter class functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBXSNotificationCenter.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBXSNotificationCenter\fP"
.PP
Opaque type for the XSNotificationCenter objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file XSNotificationCenter.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void XSNotificationCenter_AddObserver (\fBXSNotificationCenter\fPxsThis, \fBXSObject\fPobject, \fBXSString\fPnotificationName, void(*)(\fBXSNotification\fP notification)func)"
.PP
Adds an observer attached to an object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The notification center 
.br
\fIobject\fP The object to watch 
.br
\fInotificationName\fP The notification name 
.br
\fIfunc\fP The function that will receive the notifications 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP XSNotificationCenter_Alloc (void)"
.PP
Object allocator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The allocated object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "XSStatic XSAutoreleased \fBXSNotificationCenter\fP XSNotificationCenter_DefaultCenter (void)"
.PP
Gets the default notification center. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The default notification center 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSObject\fP XSNotificationCenter_Init (\fBXSObject\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Initializes a notification center. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The notification center 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The notification center 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void XSNotificationCenter_PostNotification (\fBXSNotificationCenter\fPxsThis, \fBXSObject\fPobject, \fBXSString\fPnotificationName)"
.PP
Posts a notification. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The notification center 
.br
\fIobject\fP The object from which the notification is post 
.br
\fInotificationName\fP The notification name 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
