.TH "XSNotification.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XSNotification.h \- 
.PP
XSNotification class functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'XSMacros.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB__XSNotification_Struct\fP * \fBXSNotification\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpaque type for the XSNotification objects. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP \fBXSNotification_Alloc\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIObject allocator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSString\fP \fBXSNotification_GetName\fP (\fBXSNotification\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the notification name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSObject\fP \fBXSNotification_GetObject\fP (\fBXSNotification\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the notification's represented object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSObject\fP \fBXSNotification_Init\fP (\fBXSObject\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes a notification object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBXSNotification_SetName\fP (\fBXSNotification\fP xsThis, \fBXSString\fP name)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the notification name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBXSNotification_SetObject\fP (\fBXSNotification\fP xsThis, \fBXSObject\fP object)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the notification's represented object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
XSNotification class functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBXSNotification.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBXSNotification\fP"
.PP
Opaque type for the XSNotification objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file XSNotification.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP XSNotification_Alloc (void)"
.PP
Object allocator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The allocated object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSString\fP XSNotification_GetName (\fBXSNotification\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the notification name. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The notification object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The notification name 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSObject\fP XSNotification_GetObject (\fBXSNotification\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the notification's represented object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The notification object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The notification's represented object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSObject\fP XSNotification_Init (\fBXSObject\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Initializes a notification object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The notification object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The notification object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void XSNotification_SetName (\fBXSNotification\fPxsThis, \fBXSString\fPname)"
.PP
Sets the notification name. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The notification object 
.br
\fIname\fP The notification name 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void XSNotification_SetObject (\fBXSNotification\fPxsThis, \fBXSObject\fPobject)"
.PP
Sets the notification's represented object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The notification object 
.br
\fIobject\fP The notification's represented object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
