.TH "XSThread.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XSThread.h \- 
.PP
XSThread class functions.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'XSMacros.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fB__XSThread_Struct\fP * \fBXSThread\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpaque type for the XSThread objects. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP \fBXSThread_Alloc\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIObject allocator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "XSStatic \fBXSThread\fP \fBXSThread_Detach\fP (void(*func)(\fBXSThread\fP thread, \fBXSObject\fP arg), void *arg)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes and detaches a thread. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSUInteger\fP \fBXSThread_GetID\fP (\fBXSThread\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the thread ID. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXSObject\fP \fBXSThread_Init\fP (\fBXSObject\fP xsThis)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize a thread object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
XSThread class functions. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBXSThread.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBXSThread\fP"
.PP
Opaque type for the XSThread objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file XSThread.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "XSStatic \fBXSObject\fP XSThread_Alloc (void)"
.PP
Object allocator. Do not allocate threads explicitely. Use the XSThread_Detach function instead to create new threads. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The allocated object 
.RE
.PP

.SS "XSStatic \fBXSThread\fP XSThread_Detach (void(*)(\fBXSThread\fP thread, \fBXSObject\fP arg)func, void *arg)"
.PP
Initializes and detaches a thread. The thread object will be automatically released when it exits. Do not release it explicitely. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfunc\fP A pointer to the function to run on the thread 
.br
\fIarg\fP Argument to pass to the thread function 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The XSThread instance 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSUInteger\fP XSThread_GetID (\fBXSThread\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Gets the thread ID. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The thread object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The thread ID 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBXSObject\fP XSThread_Init (\fBXSObject\fPxsThis)"
.PP
Initialize a thread object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxsThis\fP The thread object 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The thread object 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
