.TH "XSTypes.h" 3 "Sun Apr 24 2011" "Version 1.2.2-0" "XSFoundation" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XSTypes.h \- 
.PP
XSFoundation data-types.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'XSMacros.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'XSConstants.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include '../std/std.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'XSString.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBXSClassInfos_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIXSFoundation runtime class structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBXSEdgeInsets_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInset distances structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBXSPoint_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPoint data-type structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBXSRange_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRange data-type structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBXSRect_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRectangle data-type structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBXSRuntimeClass_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBase structure for the runtime classes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBXSSize_Struct\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISize data-type structure. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBnil\fP   ( \fBXSObject\fP )0"
.br
.RI "\fINULL pointer for the 'XSObject' type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBNil\fP   ( \fBXSClass\fP )0"
.br
.RI "\fINULL pointer for the 'XSClass' type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBNO\fP   ( \fBBOOL\fP )0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOBJC_BOOL_DEFINED\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXSAutoreleased\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMarker for methods that return auto-released objects. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXSNotFound\fP   XSUIntegerMax"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBXSStatic\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMarker for static class methods. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBYES\fP   ( \fBBOOL\fP )1"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef signed char \fBBOOL\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned char \fBBoolean\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBUInt8\fP \fBByte\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef const unsigned char * \fBConstStr255Param\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef const unsigned char * \fBConstStringPtr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef float \fBFloat32\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef double \fBFloat64\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBUInt32\fP \fBFourCharCode\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBSInt16\fP \fBOSErr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBSInt32\fP \fBOSStatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBFourCharCode\fP \fBOSType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBSInt8\fP \fBSignedByte\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef signed short \fBSInt16\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef signed int \fBSInt32\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef int64_t \fBSInt64\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef signed char \fBSInt8\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned char \fBStr255\fP [256]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned char * \fBStringPtr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned short \fBUInt16\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned int \fBUInt32\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef uint64_t \fBUInt64\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned char \fBUInt8\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned short \fBUniChar\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned long \fBUniCharCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBUInt16\fP \fBUTF16Char\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBUInt32\fP \fBUTF32Char\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBUInt8\fP \fBUTF8Char\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBXSInteger\fP \fBXSByteOdrer\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIByte order data type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBXSClassInfos\fP * \fBXSClass\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPolymorphism support - Generic type for all XSFoundation classes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned long \fBXSClassID\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIType ID foe the registered runtime classes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBXSClassInfos_Struct\fP \fBXSClassInfos\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBXSInteger\fP \fBXSComparisonResult\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIComaprison result data-type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBXSEdgeInsets_Struct\fP \fBXSEdgeInsets\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInset distances. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef float \fBXSFloat\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef int \fBXSInteger\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void * \fBXSObject\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPolymorphism support - Generic type for all XSFoundation objects. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBXSPoint_Struct\fP \fBXSPoint\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPoint data-type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBXSRange_Struct\fP \fBXSRange\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRange data-type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBXSRect_Struct\fP \fBXSRect\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRectangle data-type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBXSRuntimeClass_Struct\fP \fBXSRuntimeClass\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBase type for the runtime classes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBXSSize_Struct\fP \fBXSSize\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISize data-type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned int \fBXSUInteger\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBXSByteOrder_Enum\fP { \fBXS_UnknownByteOrder\fP =  0, \fBXS_LittleEndian\fP =  1, \fBXS_BigEndian\fP =  2 }"
.br
.RI "\fIByte-order data-type enumeration. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBXSDataType\fP { \fBXSDataTypeChar\fP =  0x00, \fBXSDataTypeUChar\fP =  0x01, \fBXSDataTypeShort\fP =  0x02, \fBXSDataTypeUShort\fP =  0x03, \fBXSDataTypeInt\fP =  0x04, \fBXSDataTypeUInt\fP =  0x05, \fBXSDataTypeLong\fP =  0x06, \fBXSDataTypeULong\fP =  0x07, \fBXSDataTypeLongLong\fP =  0x08, \fBXSDataTypeULongLong\fP =  0x09, \fBXSDataTypeFloat\fP =  0x0A, \fBXSDataTypeDouble\fP =  0x0B, \fBXSDataTypeInteger\fP =  0x0C, \fBXSDataTypeUInteger\fP =  0x0D }"
.br
.RI "\fIIntrisec data types. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBXSOrdered_Enum\fP { \fBXSOrderedAscending\fP =  -1, \fBXSOrderedSame\fP =  0, \fBXSOrderedDescending\fP =  1 }"
.br
.RI "\fIEnumeration for the XSComparisonResult data-type. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
XSFoundation data-types. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Jean-David Gadina <macmade@eosgarden.com> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBXSTypes.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define nil   ( \fBXSObject\fP )0"
.PP
NULL pointer for the 'XSObject' type. 
.PP
Definition at line 365 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "#define Nil   ( \fBXSClass\fP )0"
.PP
NULL pointer for the 'XSClass' type. 
.PP
Definition at line 371 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "#define NO   ( \fBBOOL\fP )0"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "#define OBJC_BOOL_DEFINED"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "#define XSAutoreleased"
.PP
Marker for methods that return auto-released objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 299 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "#define XSNotFound   XSUIntegerMax"
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "#define XSStatic"
.PP
Marker for static class methods. 
.PP
Definition at line 293 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "#define YES   ( \fBBOOL\fP )1"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file XSTypes.h.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef signed char \fBBOOL\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef unsigned char \fBBoolean\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef \fBUInt8\fP \fBByte\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef const unsigned char* \fBConstStr255Param\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef const unsigned char* \fBConstStringPtr\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef float \fBFloat32\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef double \fBFloat64\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef \fBUInt32\fP \fBFourCharCode\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef \fBSInt16\fP \fBOSErr\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef \fBSInt32\fP \fBOSStatus\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef \fBFourCharCode\fP \fBOSType\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef \fBSInt8\fP \fBSignedByte\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef signed short \fBSInt16\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef signed int \fBSInt32\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef int64_t \fBSInt64\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef signed char \fBSInt8\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef unsigned char \fBStr255\fP[256]"
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef unsigned char* \fBStringPtr\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef unsigned short \fBUInt16\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef unsigned int \fBUInt32\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef uint64_t \fBUInt64\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef unsigned char \fBUInt8\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef unsigned short \fBUniChar\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef unsigned long \fBUniCharCount\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef \fBUInt16\fP \fBUTF16Char\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef \fBUInt32\fP \fBUTF32Char\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef \fBUInt8\fP \fBUTF8Char\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSByteOdrer\fP"
.PP
Byte order data type. 
.PP
Definition at line 247 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSClass\fP"
.PP
Polymorphism support - Generic type for all XSFoundation classes. 
.PP
Definition at line 359 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSClassID\fP"
.PP
Type ID foe the registered runtime classes. 
.PP
Definition at line 305 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef struct \fBXSClassInfos_Struct\fP \fBXSClassInfos\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 336 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSComparisonResult\fP"
.PP
Comaprison result data-type. 
.PP
Definition at line 264 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSEdgeInsets\fP"
.PP
Inset distances. 
.PP
Definition at line 230 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef float \fBXSFloat\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef int \fBXSInteger\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSObject\fP"
.PP
Polymorphism support - Generic type for all XSFoundation objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 311 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSPoint\fP"
.PP
Point data-type. 
.PP
Definition at line 158 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSRange\fP"
.PP
Range data-type. 
.PP
Definition at line 206 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSRect\fP"
.PP
Rectangle data-type. 
.PP
Definition at line 190 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSRuntimeClass\fP"
.PP
Base type for the runtime classes. This type MUST be the first member of all XSFoundation classes. 
.PP
Definition at line 353 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "\fBXSSize\fP"
.PP
Size data-type. 
.PP
Definition at line 174 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "typedef unsigned int \fBXSUInteger\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file XSTypes.h.
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBXSByteOrder_Enum\fP"
.PP
Byte-order data-type enumeration. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIXS_UnknownByteOrder \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIXS_LittleEndian \fP\fP
Unknown byte order 
.TP
\fB\fIXS_BigEndian \fP\fP
Little endian byte order 
.PP
Definition at line 236 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "enum \fBXSDataType\fP"
.PP
Intrisec data types. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeChar \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeUChar \fP\fP
char 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeShort \fP\fP
unsigned char 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeUShort \fP\fP
short 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeInt \fP\fP
unsigned short 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeUInt \fP\fP
int 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeLong \fP\fP
unsigned int 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeULong \fP\fP
long 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeLongLong \fP\fP
unsigned long 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeULongLong \fP\fP
long long 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeFloat \fP\fP
unsigned long long 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeDouble \fP\fP
float 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeInteger \fP\fP
double 
.TP
\fB\fIXSDataTypeUInteger \fP\fP
XSInteger 
.PP
Definition at line 270 of file XSTypes.h.
.SS "enum \fBXSOrdered_Enum\fP"
.PP
Enumeration for the XSComparisonResult data-type. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIXSOrderedAscending \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIXSOrderedSame \fP\fP
Order is ascending 
.TP
\fB\fIXSOrderedDescending \fP\fP
Order is same 
.PP
Definition at line 253 of file XSTypes.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for XSFoundation from the source code.
